Hello everyone. Here we are with Epoch, a new title running on the Unreal engine on mobiles.
And the idea is to
defeat all of these really gnarly enemy robots,
you're a robot yourself and you have to kind of move around
in this environment, moving left and
right effectively in different lanes,
avoiding
the enemy. Ooh, you can see there I
didn't avoid that and I got a grenade thrown at me.
You can also slow down time and you have lots and lots of power-ups as well.
And it's just a very very cleverly done game. The Unreal engine makes it look fantastic.
I need to be paying a little bit more attention to
what's actually going on on the screen.
You have all sorts of different power-ups as special abilities and it just makes for a
really really fun title.
It's difficult to kind of think of a title that's similar to this
the closest one I could think of was Mass Effect.
Mass Effect Infiltrator I think it was called. Released last year or
the year before. Very similar kind of thing, just moving between cover, but this title
doesn't have you kind of free roaming within the environment, it's very much just behind cover and moving
around.
You see there I've just jumped forward into the next stage as it were.
And you get these quite nice little cutscenes as well.
This guy's going to be gnarly, I can tell already.
You can see I've got an option there that slows down time.
Dodge around him, probably should have gone jumped over the top of that actually.
The title is currently about £3.50 I think,
on the Play Store so it's a fairly premium title from that point of view.
I was a little bit discouraged to see that it also has in-app purchases as well.
Every time you complete a stage you can then upgrade your gear etcetera.
And unfortunately they decided yes, let's put some in-app purchases in to buy credits with which
is a real shame really. I think if I've already paid for this title
then, you know, to then see an opportunity to pay to win
is a bit off.
But never mind, those in real life cost a fair bit, so I'm led to
believe.
The developers got to eat!
But I think that's one of the only major drawbacks on what is a very very good game.
Like I say, there is this whole factor that you will be buying the game and
then you'll be seeing in-app purchases options as well to buy credits.
Bit of a shame, but never mind.
A very very fun game, certainly one of the most engaging I've played in a
fair while.
You have to duck as well at just the right time, to duck behind, you know
so these guys can't actually hit you.
And you can pop back up again.
So there's an awful lot of kind of watching and learning patterns as well of the
enemies on screen to kind of
just dodge at the right moment.
But yes, it's a very fun title, Epoch,
I think it's certainly one that people are going to want to try out. I wouldn't necessarily call it a killer title
on the Galaxy Note 2. I think we've had those already but
certainly it's a game that is very pretty
to look at and as you can see, the
frame rate
just solid all the way through.
Epoch,
definitely worth a play this weekend, I would say.
Just avoid the in-app purchases.